This gift isn't to buy your apology. It's tk show you I care about you and what you like. At first I thought gifting you something to get out of this would be very bad, for us, for our relationship. Mei kiya sochunga baad mei ke iss gift se theek hua sab?

But then I recalled how your eyes got wet the the last time. You say you don't care but I'mve been hearing that for a long time now, I'm used to it.

But I saw the way you were sitting with me at Scarborough Bluffs. You looked like the same angel I wanted to hold in arms, pick up, andar basaa loon, and protect, love, and caress for the rest of my life.

Phir mujhe samajh aayi ke I have tod o this.

Now you might understand it's true that my only way of knowing what to give you is to see you like ir dislike something.

Mere cheezein ke mutalliq opinions aap se form hotey hain. You have taught me this stuff, and I try my best to learn all the time. Now uou might believe me when I repeat this "I have no idea "ho good something looks. You might say a $20, $200, and a $2,000 diamong/jewelry item looks good. But I have no way of knowing "how" good it looks. Like idk what if I buy a $500 bracelet but it doesn't look as good to you as a $500 bracelet would. Maybe it only looks as good as a $150 bracelet." Do you get the point? Do you know what I mean? This is why I'mve tried to my effort in other things more, that require more of my own effort and love. The little things.



If you accept it, open this

If you don't, open this



(I'll wait for you at this place at this time from this time to this time

If you don't show up, I'll know







You are an angel to me. I see you as a baby to caress, as a butterfly to protect, as an aurora to admire. 

I could never hurt you on purpose, but I definitely do make mistakes. Lots of them.



(For all my mistakes, I have tried to keep it together too)

(When in Pak, I was just trying to contemplate everything, I promise I never knew it was this big, not until I visited your new place, really cool by the way MA)





I know you will try and push me away, I've known it for years, but I'll keep trying until the last ounce of energy left in me. 



Hey Ifrah, 



The last time we met, I had a lot of stuff in my heart, had a lot to say. But I couldn't. 

Partly because of my fault, sure, but mainly because of the circumstances.

Before we left, I agreed to not make contact until you text me about our next meeting. I planned this the next day when I realized I couldn't really say much that day. I realized it even more after I sent the last text in out chat; the text you read 5 days after I sent it.



While I whole-heartedly wished for a positive response from you, part of me wanted you to not read it, until I can do this. 

I just wanted to be able to do this before you text me and tell me you're not convinced.

In the midst of all this, you never reached out. I don't know what happened, but I hope it turns out to be something good. Hope is all I have, hope is all I've had for months, well over a year now in fact.



I'm not showing up, I'm just conveniently attempting to reach out in the beguile of our last meeting.



I've put everything I had into US, and I've given every last ounce of myself and all I have into this box you have infront of you.



You are the greatest thing to have ever happened to me. There isn't a future I foresee without you in the main frame.



I'm not perfect. Never was, and certainly never will be. What I can promise you is my undying persistence to be the best version of myself for you.



About this gift. I am an overthinker. I don't believe in building relationships on material things. Not even with you, despite all the trust I have in you and knowing you're not materialistic. I'm very strong on that. But this idea occurred to me the day after we met in college. I realized that this specific small, little gift, coming from me, in these circumstances, would mean something different.

It wouldn't mean that this is all it takes, and it wouldn't mean that when it comes to effort this is all I can do.





This would mean something more. Maybe a testament to my earlier statements when I shared how I know (or atleast try to know) what you like, but I genuinely fail to understand what something is worth, how much you like it, and if it would be fitting for the occasion.

Having observed you for so long, I'm pretty sure I'm at a point now where I can comfortably decide what to get as a gift for other people in my life, thanks to you. But when it comes to you, I have genuinely always wanted to give you the world, that's my life-long dream. So when it comes to the tiny little things, I try and do what I can, but I simply cannot wrap my head around what you would like and what you wouldn't like. 



But I try. I do. Which is why it hurt when you said all that over the phone when I was in Bahawalpur because I thought you meant I was miserly (kanjoos, lol). When I tried to convince you later, it got even worse. I wasn't trying to say "Hey, look, I spend so much on you/us." No, I just wanted to remind you that when I did sort of "gift" you those tiny little things, I did that because you had selected them, so you obviously liked them. I couldn"5 have done that. 

On top of that, those were items I've been wishing to see you in for a long, long, long time. So it was PERFEFT. That's why I paid for it. It wasn't much, it was barely anything. But I would've felt something different when I would see you in that knowing I got you this.



That's all I wanted to say, but it went the wrong way. Sorry about that.



About the convocation, I agree I was late. To be honest, I might have even forgotten for a bit. But I assure you, I was very, very happy for you in that moment. It was one of those hundreds of thousands of moments where I would have loved for you to come running to me and give me a tight hug with your red robe on, and a degree in your hand. 

In very simple words, it just didn't feel right to wish you earlier when you got there. Aap hain, sarr se to nahi utaarunga na.



(I wholeheartedly meant it when I commented about a date in that dress, btw. You know how much I love seeing you in dresses. Don't believe me. Check this out. (Insert grey dress pictures).



Everyone deserves one person in their lives that will never give up on them, never accept to lose them. I will be that person for you, now and forever. I will never be okay with losing you. I can't give up on you, and I never will. 



Life is very short. I won't lose you to these things. I know they're not tiny for you, but they are tiny when it comes to losing you over them. Nothing is big enough. Because I simply refuse to lose you. 



People have come into my life and left, I'm not saying it was the easiest thing in the world but I am capable of that. However, when it comes to you, I refuse to give up in the face of the world.



You are the one person I just cannot and will not lose. Which is why I have been the way I have been all this time. I've irritated, bothered, upset, annoyed, and frustrated you at times, but it was always worth it when I am finally able to explain everything, apologize, and see that pretty smile on your face.



But I can't see you hate me. So this seemed like the best way while making sure I was able to say everything I want.



I meant every word I ever said. I made solid commitments to you and to myself many times over these years. I just can NEVER forget the night of Feb 14th, 2023. The most beautiful being in the world sitting on my lap, a few tears escaping here perfectly carved eyes, rolling down her gorgeous face, while she says something along the lines of "I'm happy you're in my life. Thank you for being here." My heart cracked open that day, you ventured in, and closed it from within. You became permanent that day. One of many times, before and since. 



I lose sleep every morning when I wake up and realize you were a dream. I try and go back to sleep, so I can see you and be with you again but by that time the heartache has already kicked in.



I eagerly check my phone, hoping to wake up to a text or a call from you. It gets worse.



Then I spend the day checking you stories, thinking about you, missing you like hell. Keeps getting worse and worse. I imagine you in various scenarios and doze off with a heavy heart. I dream of you again if I'm lucky. And it goes on... and on... and on...



I look for your license plate in every white Prius...



I miss the way you used to bite me



Hit me slap me kick me punch me

Just get it out of your system



And then let me hug you and regain my peace

A 100-second hug



It's the best thing I've ever made

It's not the best thing ever made, it's definitely not the best things anyone has ever given someone

It's not the best thing I'll ever give you



But I assure you I made it with all my heart

Everything I could think of, I put into it



I did the best I could